**Added:**

* Add ``package create conda-forge`` command to create a conda-forge recipe meta.yml file.
* Add instruction when to use hyphens or underscores for file and folder names under FAQ.
* Start implementing guilabel in Sphinx for clickable items in tutorials.
* Add tutorial for migrating Level 4 to Level 5 of sharing code.
* Add reasons we have adopted README.rst in Level 5 under FAQ section.
* Add Billinge group coding standards and workflows as a standalone section in the official ``scikit-package`` documentation.
* Add PR template to save maintainer's time and to help contributors generate and update public facing documentations.
* Add .readthedocs.yaml under the template folder to allow preview documentation on each PR.
* Add instructions on how to use alias shortcut for creating news file in Level 5.
* Implement package create workspace, package create system, and package create public CLI commands.
* Add descriptions on conda-forge, conda, and installers like miniconda, miniforge in the FAQ section.
* Include an example section in the official documentation.
* Allow preview rendered documentation in each pull request.
* Provide a starting template for Sphinx on how to reuse .rst file, attach images, and write code snippets in the documentation.
* Add a figure on pre-commit local and remote setup across Level 3 to 5 under FAQ.
* Support for copying code-blocks in documentation using sphinx_copybutton extension.
* Define clear roles for the owner and maintainer. The maintainer has merge and release rights, while the owner oversees the project, similar to a Principal Investigator (PI) in a research group.
* Add an example piece of code under the src directory to show how to develop new lines of code.
* Add section dividers in the nav of the ``scikit-package`` documentation into getting started, tutorials, release guides, programming guides, examples, support, and reference.
* Add a guide to use ``.rst`` backquotes for writing news items.
* Add instructions on how to render API ``.rst`` files without forking for standard and include a keyboard shortcut for using auto_api.py to generate API ``.rst`` files for package with namespace.
* Add descriptions for each workflow in Level 5 in a PR.
* Add an explicit instruction to configure conda-forge channel in Level 4, 5 tutorial instructions.
* Add instruction on how to avoid pre-commit auto-fix stash problem in the FAQ section.
* Add instruction on how to migrate ``.md`` to ``.rst`` file using a tool during Level 4 to 5 migration.
* Indicate the correction software version will be available in documentation built by readthedoc in each PR.
* Add "Edit on GitHub" link for each page in the documentation.
* Add docstrings to the dot_product function used for the demo code.
* Add how to solve CI error encountered with news GitHub CI under FAQ.
* Add logo to documentation header.
* Add instructions to use ``vulture`` in Level 5 and before PyPI release.
* Add a FAQ section on which workflow files to update when there is a new stable Python version.
* Add ``$`` for shell script commands in the documentation.
* Add instrunctions on how to setup write permission in GitHub workflows at the org and repository level.
* Add instructions on how to set logo and favicon in the documentation.
* Add step-by-step guides for Level 1 through Level 4 of sharing code.

**Changed:**

* Modify Development Status from 5 to 3 in ``pyproject.toml``.
* Adopt Semantic Versioning 2.0.0 for pre-release GitHub tag name.
* Change cookiecuter user input value from ``github_org`` to ``github_username_or_orgname``.
* Transfer repository from billingegroup org to ``scikit-package`` org.
* Change ``github_admin_username`` to ``maintainer_github_username`` in release workflow to be compatible with skpkg.
* Change ``proj_owner`` to ``maintainer`` in Level 5 user inputs in cookiecutter to reflect that any developer including the project owner can help with package maintenance.

**Deprecated:**

* <news item>

**Removed:**

* Prevent running additional tests-on-PR CI when a PR is merged.
* Remove hard-coded ``diffpy`` in README.
* Remove environment.yml in the cookiecutter and skpkg repos since the centralized scripts no longer require it as the conda-forge channel is set in those scripts by default.

**Fixed:**

* Use the latest user prompts from ``package create conda-forge`` for ``meta.yml`` creation.
* Lowercase package directory name under src directory for namespace package.
* Update ``GITHUB_ADMIN_USERNAME`` to ``MAINTAINER_GITHUB_USERNAME`` in ``post_gen_hook.py`` to dynamically generate GitHub workflow files.
* Fixed the problem of a directory folder not being initialized with underscore.
* Remove the import of extend_path from pkgutil in ``diffpy/__init__.py`` in ``post_gen_hook.py`` when creating a new project with with the project name of ``<org-name>.<project-name>``.
* Remove ``requirements/README.txt`` containing instructions for listing dependencies for the package. The instruction is already provided in the official documentation.

**Security:**

* <news item>
